hackathon/building-on-polkadot-mini-hackathon/README.md, before:

# Building on Polakdot Mini Hackathon

## Context
Bifrost is a Liquid Staking app-chain tailored for all blockchains, utilizing decentralized cross-chain interoperability to empower users to earn staking rewards and DeFi yields with flexibility, liquidity, and high security across multiple chains.

## Challenge details
**Create a unique and optimal UX for interacting with Bifrost Liquid Staking Tokens available on many chains**

To achieve this, you can:
- Create a new frontend experience for mint/redeem/track with Bifrost Liquid Staking Tokens

## Judging criteria
- **Originality**: How unique and innovative is the UX approach?
- **User Experience**: How easy is the app to use?
- **Technical Implementation**: How well is the app implemented?

**Note:** Bifrost does not discourage the use of AI. But be mindful of the issue that AI generated code could be.

## Requirements
- Fully open source is a requirement so please include all the relevant repos in your submission.
- You can submit multiple times for the same project for additional grants but each submission should have a key improvement to core features.
- Your project should be deployed on a compatible testnet or mainnet. Check the [list](https://docs.bifrost.io/for-builders/build-with-slpx/supported-networks) here.

## Submission guidelines
- Go to the Issue section for this GitHub repo: https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/issues
- Use the proposal template to create a proposal describing your idea. Include this short sentence at the end of your proposal title "- Building On Polkadot Mini Hackathon".
- Upon receiving the `approved` tag for your issue, you can start working on the submission. Should be within 2-3 hours.
- Once you are done with your submission, submit the open source GitHub repo links and deployed links for your submission in the previously created Issue.
- Grant will be evaluated by the Grant Committee
    - Initial evaluation & feedback will be communicated with applicants as soon as possible from the date of submission.
    - Re-submission and adjustments could be required.
    - We will assign a grant amount based on the quality of the submission.
- The grant Committee will vote to approve payment of the proposal.
    - The committee can decide to accept the application in whole / partially or reject it.
- The Grant Committee will communicate their decision (approval or rejection) to the applicant. Your issue will be marked `cleared` after payout has been approved and `paid` after payout has been transferred.
- Accepted grant applications will be published on the [Bifrost forum](https://bifrost.subsquare.io/).
- For receiving the grant, you need to provide your Bifrost wallet address. Follow these steps:
  - Create a repository in your GitHub account named `bifrost-io`.
  - Create a file inside the repository named `funding.json`.
  - Add the following JSON to the file:
  ```
  {
    "bifrost": "your_bifrost_wallet_address" 
  }
  ```
  - Wait for payout

## Resources
- Docs for human: [https://docs.bifrost.io](https://docs.bifrost.io) 
- Mono repo: [https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono](https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono)
- Builder program: [https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/tree/main/builder-program](https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/tree/main/builder-program)
- AI friendly docs: [https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/blob/main/docs](https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/blob/main/docs) 
- Testnet kit: [https://github.com/buildstationorg/bifrost-testnetkit](https://github.com/buildstationorg/bifrost-testnetkit) 
- Ask any questions by tagging [@FrostyLst](https://x.com/FrostyLst)

## Prizes
- $300 - $1000 depending on the quality of the submission (generally each submission is within range). If your submission is beyond expectation, we will increase payout accordingly.
- Check the `closed` issues tab for more details [https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aclosed](https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aclosed)

## Post hackathon resources
For participants, we will be giving more grants, technical support and a marketing intern to help you launch your project; plus we have a revenue share program for you to create a sustainable revenue stream from day one.

Commit message:

feat: updated public pot for hackathon

hackathon/building-on-polkadot-mini-hackathon/README.md, after:

# Building on Polakdot Mini Hackathon

## Context
Bifrost is a Liquid Staking app-chain tailored for all blockchains, utilizing decentralized cross-chain interoperability to empower users to earn staking rewards and DeFi yields with flexibility, liquidity, and high security across multiple chains.

## Challenge details
**Create a unique and optimal UX for interacting with Bifrost Liquid Staking Tokens available on many chains**

To achieve this, you can:
- Create a new frontend experience for mint/redeem/track with Bifrost Liquid Staking Tokens

## Judging criteria
- **Originality**: How unique and innovative is the UX approach?
- **User Experience**: How easy is the app to use?
- **Technical Implementation**: How well is the app implemented?

**Note:** Bifrost does not discourage the use of AI. But be mindful of the issue that AI generated code could be.

## Requirements
- Fully open source is a requirement so please include all the relevant repos in your submission.
- You can submit multiple times for the same project for additional grants but each submission should have a key improvement to core features.
- Your project should be deployed on a compatible testnet or mainnet. Check the [list](https://docs.bifrost.io/for-builders/build-with-slpx/supported-networks) here.

## Submission guidelines
- Go to the Issue section for this GitHub repo: https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/issues
- Use the proposal template to create a proposal describing your idea. Include this short sentence at the end of your proposal title "- Building On Polkadot Mini Hackathon".
- Upon receiving the `approved` tag for your issue, you can start working on the submission. Should be within 2-3 hours.
- Once you are done with your submission, submit the open source GitHub repo links and deployed links for your submission in the previously created Issue.
- Grant will be evaluated by the Grant Committee
    - Initial evaluation & feedback will be communicated with applicants as soon as possible from the date of submission.
    - Re-submission and adjustments could be required.
    - We will assign a grant amount based on the quality of the submission.
- The grant Committee will vote to approve payment of the proposal.
    - The committee can decide to accept the application in whole / partially or reject it.
- The Grant Committee will communicate their decision (approval or rejection) to the applicant. Your issue will be marked `cleared` after payout has been approved and `paid` after payout has been transferred.
- Accepted grant applications will be published on the [Bifrost forum](https://bifrost.subsquare.io/).
- For receiving the grant, you need to provide your Bifrost wallet address. Follow these steps:
  - Create a repository in your GitHub account named `bifrost-io`.
  - Create a file inside the repository named `funding.json`.
  - Add the following JSON to the file:
  ```
  {
    "bifrost": "your_bifrost_wallet_address" 
  }
  ```
  - Wait for payout

## Resources
- Docs for human: [https://docs.bifrost.io](https://docs.bifrost.io) 
- Mono repo: [https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono](https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono)
- Builder program: [https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/tree/main/builder-program](https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/tree/main/builder-program)
- AI friendly docs: [https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/blob/main/docs](https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/blob/main/docs) 
- Testnet kit: [https://github.com/buildstationorg/bifrost-testnetkit](https://github.com/buildstationorg/bifrost-testnetkit) 
- Ask any questions by tagging [@FrostyLst](https://x.com/FrostyLst)

## Prizes
- $300 - $1000 depending on the quality of the submission (generally each submission is within range). If your submission is beyond expectation, we will increase payout accordingly.
- Check the `closed` issues tab for more details [https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aclosed](https://github.com/bifrost-io/mono/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aclosed)
- The public pot is viewable on [Mimir Bifrost Grant Fund](https://app.mimir.global/?address=136qTNfobHieiT4CHYLwNcrjUj92YBYV8BViaj49LCx5AW5z&network=bifrost-polkadot&tab=asset)
## Post hackathon resources
For participants, we will be giving more grants, technical support and a marketing intern to help you launch your project; plus we have a revenue share program for you to create a sustainable revenue stream from day one.
